= gembox

== DESCRIPTION:

Gembox is a little sinatra app that ties in with your local ruby gems to let you browse and learn more about them.

Please see the project home page for a full description:

http://code.quirkey.com/gembox

=== USAGE:

==== BASIC:

Install gembox:

  sudo gem install gembox
  
On the command-line:
  
  $ gembox
  
And it should launch gembox in your browser.

==== WITH PASSENGER:

To use Gembox with Passenger Pane there are a few simple steps you need to do:

 $ git clone git://github.com/quirkey/gembox.git
 $ open ./gembox/

Then open up Passenger Pane and drag the open Gembox folder into the list on the left (You'll have to be authenticated). Now browse to http://gembox.local/ and you'll see gembox! I told you it was simple.

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 Aaron Quint, Quirkey NYC, LLC

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.